# Analysis of Kickstarter Data
## For this project I sorted and extracted data from a large sample of crowdfunding campaigns in order to draw logical conclusions.
### The purpose of this analysis is to give Louise a visualization of crowdfunding data that shows how similar crowdfunding campaigns fared in relation to their launch dates and funding goals. This should give Louise an idea of whether there are better crowdfunding launch dates for meeting or exceeding funding goals. The analysis will also show her which funding goals are most successful for plays. She will be able to use all of this information to launch more successful crowdfunding campaigns for future projects. 
## I started with creating a visualization for launch dates data. To do this I created a pivot table with outcomes for the columns, launch dates for the rows and the outcomes for the values. The values show the number amount of successful, failed, and canceled campaigns. I also added years and parent category for filters so that I could make the table only show me data from specific years and specific categories. I chose to filter the table to only show the theater results because that's what Louise was funding for. Although the pivot table gives a good visualization of the data, I then went a step further and made a line chart to easily identify which months had the most success. After this I showed the data of the outcomes based on goals. To do this I made a new sheet and created a table with goal ranges in the rows and columns being number successful, number failed, number canceled, total projects, percentage successful, percentage failed, percentage canceled. To extract the data I needed to fill the numbers columns I had to use the countifs() function, for the data in the total projects column I used the sum() function, and for the percentage columns I divided the numbers columns by the totals and switched the column to percentages. I then made another line chart for this data
  
